this is strictly in 60-seconds where we
cram a week's worth of strictly into
just under one minute the incident took
place on the night of Saturday the 3rd
of October 14 likely suspects lined up
the couples used either the paso doble
or the quickstep as their weapons Ricky
Whittle Ally bastion jaden and zoe luck
they're easily got off scot-free
it was Ricky who won the experts over
with a high score of 35 yes yes yes
Ricky grove knows how to get the crowd
on his side with his entertaining
Hazzard Oh Blake ran like a bomb the
mating season Joe would joke as Augie
and Craig Kelly failed to convince any
of the jury it did have a lot more
movement than a dead man dancing but it
was Linda and Rav who ended up fighting
to stay on look away now if you don't
know who left
and it was ex-copper Rav who was nicked
linden Darren with only 13 couples left
who will be the unlucky person leaving
next week find out on Strictly Come
Dancing